chore(release): release note formatting and gripper model info (#15804)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: app-shell/build/release-notes.md

Welcome to the v7.5.0 release of the Opentrons App!

> There are no changes to the Opentrons App in v7.5.0, but it is required for updating the robot software to support the [Opentrons Flex HEPA/UV Module](https://opentrons.com/products/opentrons-flex-hepa-uv-module) and the latest gripper model `GRPV13xxxxx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no changes to the Opentrons App in v7.5.0, but it is required for updating the robot software to support the [Opentrons Flex HEPA/UV Module](https://opentrons.com/products/opentrons-flex-hepa-uv-module) and the latest Flex Gripper model (serial numbers beginning `GRPV13`).
```
